Choosing Cloud Backup For PCs
By Keir Thomas, PCWorld 

Backup is one of the oldest needs in computing. Whether it's hard disk failure, computer theft, or just a wandering three year-old with a fruit juice carton, it's very easy to lose data on a computer.
Although at one time offsite backup was niche and often expensive, the cloud has brought about a revolution in inexpensive storage, making backing up online inexpensive and fuss-free.
But with so many choices out there, how can we narrow it down? Rather than directly recommending services, here are requirements to consider.
Firstly, however, a word about the types of cloud storage available for workstations. Essentially, there are two: dedicated backup services and cloud sync services.

The former usually comes with a client that's able to watch files or folders (including types of files) and back them up when they change. 
A popular example of this is Mozy. The downside is that restoring files is more involved; it isn't expected users will restore unless they have to.
Cloud sync services take a different approach, adding a magic folder or drive to your computer, the contents of which are automatically and invisibly synced online. A popular example of this is Dropbox. 
Some services offer client software that can also watch files and folders anywhere on your hard disk and back them up too, such as that offered by SugarSync.
Cloud sync is a more immediate form of backup, and if you create and edit files within the magic folder everything will be backed-up automatically.
When it comes to choosing any kind of service, the first question to ask is what computing platforms are supported. 
If you're backing up a Mac, for example, then being able to access the data from a PC client is vital should the Mac die; PCs are commonplace, but Macs are rarer. 
Some cloud storage services offer clients not only for Mac and PC but for mobile devices like iPhones and Android phones, too.
Consider security. Your data will be undoubtedly be stored encrypted but that doesn't amount to a hill of beans if the sign-on system is weak. 
Some cloud storage providers require you to use your email address as a login name, for example, meaning that anybody who wants to access your data surreptitiously only has to guess your password. If you choose a strong and unique password then this shoudn't be an issue, of course.
As for the actual file uploads, there are essentially two approaches. The first is to back up entire files each and every time. 
If the file is modified, then the whole thing is backed-up afresh--annoying if you've done little more than tweak a 10GB movie, for example.
The second method is to work out the difference between the old and new files, and only back up the new data--a process known as diffing. 
This saves bandwidth, and also stops your Internet connection from getting choked with constant backup data.